# Plagiarism-checker
this is a plagiarism checker. It reads two documents, breaks them down into individual sentences, and then checks to see if any sentences in the second document are very similar to sentences in the first document. If it finds any, it flags them as potential instances of plagiarism. 
I started by importing several Python libraries (collections of functions and methods that allow for performing actions without writing codes) such as NumPy and Tensorflow which are specifically for machine learning. Then the code loads two machine learning models - the Word2Vec model from Google News which I used  for synonym detection and the Universal Sentence Encoder from TensorFlow Hub for text classification and semantic similarity. These models are used to understand the meaning of words and sentences. Likewise, I define read_word and read_pdf functions  to read the text from Word and PDF documents, respectively. Then I define  my  calculate_sentence_similarity function which takes two sentences as input and uses the Universal Sentence Encoder to calculate how similar they are. Likewise I define another function “find_plagiarized_sentences” function which compares each sentence in two pieces of text and identifies any sentences in the second text that are very similar (more than a threshold of 0.8) to any sentence in the first text. The last part of the code shows an example of how to use these functions to detect plagiarism between two Word documents. It reads the text from each document, uses the find_plagiarized_sentences function to identify any plagiarized sentences, and then calculates the percentage of sentences in the second document that were found to be plagiarized and finally it prints the sentences it deems to be plagiarized.
